[reinvent] optimized extension (#26507)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/installation/go.md

}
```

## Minimize cold start duration

> Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][5] is optimized to reduce instrumentation overhead by up to 70%. To opt out of the optimized extension...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][5] is optimized to reduce instrumentation overhead by up to 70%. 

If you are noticing any issues, you can force your extension to use the fully compatible, older version of the extension by setting `DD_EXTENSION_VERSION` to `compatibility`. We also encourage reporting any feedback or bugs by adding an [issue on GitHub][6] and tag your issue with `version/next`.
```

Reviewer: can we add this for all files

> To leave feedback or report a bug, add an [issue on GitHub][6] and tag your issue with `version/next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

}
```

## Minimize cold start duration

> Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][5] is optimized to reduce instrumentation overhead by up to 70%. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][5] is optimized to significantly reduce cold start duration.
```

> If you are noticing any issues, you can force your extension to use the fully compatible, older version of the extension by setting `DD_EXTENSION_VERSION` to `compatibility`. Datadog also encourages you to report any feedback or bugs by adding an [issue on GitHub][6] and tag your issue with `version/next`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you notice any issues, you can force your extension to use the fully compatible, older version of the extension by setting `DD_EXTENSION_VERSION` to `compatibility`. Datadog also encourages you to report any feedback or bugs by adding an [issue on GitHub][6] and tagging your issue with `version/next`.
```
